a few years ago we would have
talked about a league shock 1 between two
contenders for European places
but this Saturday the sixth of league 2
receives the twelfth with manpower
more than ever rage in bed and lensoise
always from league level 1
and yet auxerre could quickly
the exceptional atmosphere of bollaert
7th minute jamel has ben idir open the
score on a direct free kick second
cashed goal
left side by alphonse areola this
season
but not very quickly
yoann touzghar with a model of
oriented control
the Algerian franco blows up
bollaert
he equalizes and scores his first goal of
the season
auxerre has in its ranks a
phenomenon in his hallway paul george
mtep here at the incredible match image of
the international tricolor hope action
a little less amazing from sebastian
the addition is salty for the jia in the
stride or almost loubeau ya deposited the
ball on the head of chavarria second
goal in three games for the Argentinean
the lack of realism of youth
auxerroise sanctioned and very hard
by a racing that is very effective
more than ever the boil has marked its
second goal of the season and he is
borges
and in addition auxerre continues to create itself
opportunities the free kick of aït
ben-idir bounces on the areola post
always left side 3-1 at the break for
the men of antoine kombouaré a
real lesson in realism
for skeptics
yet another proof of the problem of
Burgundy finish pinel kitambala
also finds the pole for his
first match under his news
colors
I
the lensoise delivery is a model one
model of a two also between
chavarria and cavard recedes from the
second for the first chavarria
scored a doubled a little lucky he
must admit it
but no matter how lucky others are
lenses a success by three goals
gap for the first time since the
April 13, 2012 in rounds in league 2 today
there scorers were william remy
ball and geoffrey kondogbia new
french international
with this success the blood and gold are pointing
with seven points in three games none
defeat
a record that propels launches as
big favorite of the championship